Randall Oliver: Can you hear me.
Randall Oliver: Ever done a video visit before
Randall Oliver: I'm not getting any voice from you.
Galaxy A10e: Can you hear me now.
Randall Oliver: Now I can hear you.
Galaxy A10e: Rather, they
Galaxy A10e: The guy from bright hearth a callback. He forgot to get my information for pharmacy. So it's probably just a sloth. I
Randall Oliver: Gave him the pharmacy information.
Randall Oliver: Will, sir. All right.
Randall Oliver: Which one is it again. Just make sure
Galaxy A10e: Wal Mart pharmacy and Preston's Berg, Kentucky.
Randall Oliver: Princeton.
Galaxy A10e: Preston Priori
Galaxy A10e: Yeah PR e St.
Galaxy A10e: Is the you RG
Randall Oliver: Got it.
Randall Oliver: All right.
Randall Oliver: Have you done a video conference before
Galaxy A10e: Yes, sir.
Randall Oliver: All right, so nothing strange to you.
Galaxy A10e: No, no.
Galaxy A10e: You gotta learn quick getting all this stuff going on anyway so
Randall Oliver: Exactly. It's hard for an old guy like me, but working on
All right.
Randall Oliver: I need to ask you some questions and
Randall Oliver: The first of all, how old are you,
Randall Oliver: 45. Good. All right. He married or single
Made
Randall Oliver: And his
For
Randall Oliver: And are you working
Galaxy A10e: Not now.
Randall Oliver: What are you working, not working because the coven or something else.
Galaxy A10e: I was working. And then I
Galaxy A10e: Went to rehab for 30 days and the thing covert here. And so I haven't been working since
Gotcha.
Randall Oliver: Yeah. What were you doing when
Galaxy A10e: I was working at a Walmart in PIKEVILLE Kentucky. I worked for a company out of North Carolina that they're called Sasser and we remodel Walmart moved the owls around the product around
Randall Oliver: Alright, cool.
Randall Oliver: Are you taking any medicines now.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, sir. I'll take
Galaxy A10e: I'll take a blood pressure meal blood pressure pill take for I'll be pro or three ibuprofen today.
Galaxy A10e: And something for my trains glycerin fibro
Galaxy A10e: Being upright.
Randall Oliver: That's pretty close 1005
Galaxy A10e: You know, five Bray.
Randall Oliver: I don't know cuz my ass on it. She asked me about it.
Randall Oliver: She went away. It cost $800 that a generic version is like 30 years
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I take the generic the generic version of it as well. So
Randall Oliver: Yes. All right, where's your pain out that you have
Galaxy A10e: A nice
Randall Oliver: Day.
Randall Oliver: Have you had any surgeries.
Galaxy A10e: I've had five knee surgeries.
Randall Oliver: Okay.
Randall Oliver: And you
Galaxy A10e: Know, sir.
Randall Oliver: All right, you've been in the hospital for anything besides your knee surgeries.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, sir.
Galaxy A10e: I'm going to be four years ago, December 28 I had a
Galaxy A10e: Pretty bad car wreck and
Galaxy A10e: I was hospitalized in particular Medical Center.
Galaxy A10e: For I think three days and I broke my hip return my right knee broke serious and my stern
Galaxy A10e: That's been about four years ago.
Randall Oliver: Where you unconscious
Galaxy A10e: No, sir.
Randall Oliver: Okay.
Randall Oliver: Moving on, you have any trouble with your head, your eyes, your ears, your nose, your teeth.
Galaxy A10e: Then I got
Galaxy A10e: Yeah I wear glasses. I got one in the lenses broke out right now. So I'm not wearing them and
Galaxy A10e: My I got
Galaxy A10e: false teeth in front that are loosening but I'm just been waiting to make a doctor's appointment or a dentist appointment to go have them fix
Randall Oliver: Okay, and it drove with your heart or your lungs.
Galaxy A10e: Nope.
Randall Oliver: All right, any, any abdominal pain or trouble without
Galaxy A10e: No, sir.
Randall Oliver: All right, you have any allergies medications.
Randall Oliver: All right, like we've got all the background stuff. What was the youngest age that you use something legal or drink alcohol.
Galaxy A10e: Right at 20
Randall Oliver: Money, not before that.
Galaxy A10e: You know,
Randall Oliver: All right, and
Randall Oliver: What did you 20
Galaxy A10e: drinking and smoking weed.
Okay.
Randall Oliver: Have you ever been treated for a DD
Galaxy A10e: Attention deficit. No, sir. No, sir.
Randall Oliver: How'd you do in school.
Galaxy A10e: I graduated high school, you know, and then when I was younger. It was a my grades were a little sketchy. The older I got the better they got but
Okay.
Randall Oliver: Um,
Randall Oliver: What drugs have used in your life you'll make
Galaxy A10e: Everything.
Galaxy A10e: The
Galaxy A10e: Same start marijuana, alcohol, cocaine crack
Galaxy A10e: Methamphetamines acid shrooms
Galaxy A10e: Everything pain pills. Only thing I really never got done very merge, which I've done on but like Xanax is cloth and stuff I've took home and Donald but not something I ever really cared for.
Randall Oliver: Okay, when you're doing an opioid about how many times would you take a day.
Galaxy A10e: When I was in active addiction.
Galaxy A10e: With Till's
Galaxy A10e: Law.
Galaxy A10e: Anymore.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: At the end of 30 depending on how much money I had and
Galaxy A10e: Where I was at, you know, he was done so.
Randall Oliver: usual answer. I guess how many I can afford. How many I could get my for my supplier whatever he had
Galaxy A10e: Yes, that's about right. Good.
Randall Oliver: I'm
Randall Oliver: Good. You say you were you an impatient recently.
Galaxy A10e: That's been it's been a while.
Galaxy A10e: It's been since last time I was
Galaxy A10e: But I mean, I've been in and out of the hospital, not for no stays. I went to had kidney stones here a while back, or for the first time and
Randall Oliver: Army or just just in treatment for drug addiction.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, sir.
Randall Oliver: All right, and was a patient or outpatient
Galaxy A10e: Outpatient or inpatient impatient. I'm sorry.
Randall Oliver: Right. How long was it
Galaxy A10e: The 30 days.
Galaxy A10e: Hard
Randall Oliver: When did you get out
Galaxy A10e: I'm
Randall Oliver: Given a week ago or been out for a year or what
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, about two months.
Randall Oliver: Okay, and that two months.
Randall Oliver: Have you been on Suboxone or been using, or what
Galaxy A10e: No, sir. Nothing.
Randall Oliver: All right, so you've been clean for two months.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, sir.
All right.
Randall Oliver: Maybe balanced Suboxone before
Galaxy A10e: No, I can't touch it.
Randall Oliver: Was that
Galaxy A10e: I did it makes me see bad headaches, the nest I nauseous all the time. I did take when I first got on drug court. I took a vivid trial shot and I had, I had every side effect known to it.
Galaxy A10e: Guys, I had a headache, almost a whole month just really missed me to
Galaxy A10e: Which I the Suboxone I took
Galaxy A10e: You know, just illegally on the street and I just, I mean, I was probably using other stuff into but it's it's nothing I've ever cared for. I never really never really missed with it.
Randall Oliver: On the street it most people use it to stop through withdrawals when again find anything else you're not using it to get high too much without
Galaxy A10e: It.
Galaxy A10e: Was probably, probably the only time around, you know what I mean. So
Randall Oliver: Usually the case.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, so
Randall Oliver: It's just a hobby withdrawals, but even then it makes you sick.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Randall Oliver: All right. Are you having any withdrawals. Now, or it's been two months.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. Oh, no, no, sir.
Galaxy A10e: When, uh, when I used to get on to go to
Galaxy A10e: Rehab I took, I was working
Galaxy A10e: In I wasn't used to being on my feet and my knees, my, my feet were hurting pretty bad. So I took a percocet methadone and they backed back drug test this i mean i what i haven't used used
Galaxy A10e: In about two years.
Galaxy A10e: But I've been on drug court for going on and was two years, year and a half.
Randall Oliver: What did you write the drug courts engine to think in a state of them.
Galaxy A10e: But for the failed a drug test for the Methadone Percocet.
Randall Oliver: Okay. All right.
Randall Oliver: So medical treatment with Suboxone or something like that is out.
Randall Oliver: Yeah, not
Randall Oliver: Not have any withdrawals and how much cravings are you having
Galaxy A10e: Then, not too bad. I
Galaxy A10e: I'll tell you the point my life, I've got, I GOT CUSTODY OF ALL for MY CHILDREN AND MADE. I'm done. And you know what i mean i'm
Galaxy A10e: Just trying to try to get through this drug court situation and raised them on drug court is just to get my record expunged. I have a first offense. Do you are that I'm sitting on
Galaxy A10e: A done six months in SAP for entering contraband in 90 days failure turned out on here and I'm done with alive. You know what I mean, I'm ready to I'm 45 years old.
Galaxy A10e: 717 year old a 15 year old a five year old a two year old and my older two kids been through a lot with me and their mom and me and my wife now.
Galaxy A10e: And they deserve better. They deserve a better dad. They deserve deserve a better life. You know, I mean, so I'm done with it. I'm just trying to do what this program needs me to do. So I get on to the next age and take care of my family so
Randall Oliver: All that is correct thinking
Randall Oliver: Oh, you're, you're doing good there. How much do you smoke.
Galaxy A10e: About a half a pack a day.
Okay.
Randall Oliver: I'm depressed any
Galaxy A10e: Not too bad.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I have. I have days that you know i mean you're better than others, but I'm a pretty the person luck said, especially with all this going on. My kids are here every day. I'm not sure.
Galaxy A10e: I stay depressed a lot when they weren't around. But since I've got off for them. And I've been in pretty good shape.
Randall Oliver: Okay.
Randall Oliver: When's the last time he his mouth.
Galaxy A10e: Three years ago.
Randall Oliver: That's been long time. Alright.
Randall Oliver: Alright, well it does. We don't put you on any medicines, you're just gonna be
Randall Oliver: Me. I grew up in a counseling person them.
Galaxy A10e: Sounds good to me. But other
Randall Oliver: Than just want to keep your nose clean and cross all your i's and cross your T's and do what you gotta do it is to satisfy the drug court to expand your records.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, sir.
Galaxy A10e: I understand that.
Galaxy A10e: The Fed means man. I
Galaxy A10e: I knew better. You know what I mean. Like I said, I was in that car rake will be going on for years and a friend of mine pulled out in front of me and
Galaxy A10e: Died. And it was just, it was an accident and
Galaxy A10e: I didn't have a driver's license, but I wouldn't, I would not active addiction. I hadn't used it about five years and his kids. My kids were friends. And it was just a
Galaxy A10e: Stable get help with it. I thought I'd man up on myself and let it, I thought, well, I'll get high. This one time and I let it get ahold of me and
Galaxy A10e: It its nose, mouth snowballs fast. You know what I mean. So, but
Randall Oliver: Any one potato chip Kenya.
Galaxy A10e: Closer, closer so
Galaxy A10e: That's my
Galaxy A10e: Little 511
Galaxy A10e: And about to 10 to 15
Randall Oliver: Okay.
Randall Oliver: Just to summarize things, then you've got a poly substance.
Randall Oliver: Drug Abuse, including
Randall Oliver: Mouth opioids.
Randall Oliver: And marijuana
Randall Oliver: And you've never shown but chapters and Bezos
Randall Oliver: You just finished a 90 day for me. A 30 day
Randall Oliver: In house treatment plan.
Randall Oliver: You might have attention deficit. But it doesn't look like that is requires an urgent treatment. At this point, you don't have any active depression or anxiety that needs to be treated.
Randall Oliver: Will serve as that we're not going to use any medications on you at this point. And you're going to be mostly involved in Ruben individual
Randall Oliver: Psycho therapies with our goal to be keep your plan and increase your understanding of your problem so that you can stay clean
Take care of your forecast.
Randall Oliver: And
Randall Oliver: Get your record cleaned up about it.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, sir.
Randall Oliver: All right.
Randall Oliver: You're gonna call and let you know when we'll meet again, I think it's going to be thirsty. We're going to have a group
Randall Oliver: So they'll be meeting, there'll be a go. JOHN Reinhard as
Randall Oliver: A counselor social worker.
Randall Oliver: But it'd be a mostly him since I'm not gonna reach any medicines at this point. But if we need any depression medicine or something and I could do that.
So,
Randall Oliver: Nice meeting. Yeah, looks like you got your head screwed on right I'm proud of a pleasure. Thank you Donna
Galaxy A10e: Thank you very much, brother. I appreciate it.
Randall Oliver: All right, you're doing everything right though.
Randall Oliver: All right. I'll talk to you later.
Galaxy A10e: Will say
Randall Oliver: All right, bye.
Bye.